docs(dialog, treeview, installer):updates based on customer feedback (#1011)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/dialog/overview.md

# Blazor Dialog Overview

The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/dialog" target="_blank">Blazor Dialog component</a> is a modal popup that brings information to the user. It provides actions through its action buttons to prompt the user for input or to ask for a decision. The component can also contain more complex UI elements that require the attention of the user.

> The Dialog component and its [predefined options]({%slug dialog-predefined%}) serve to deliver user experience close to the one the browser dialog provides. For more functionalities such as drag and resize, use  the [Window]({%slug window-overview%}) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dialog component and its [predefined options]({%slug dialog-predefined%}) aim to deliver user experience similar to default browser dialogs. For more functionalities such as drag and resize, use the [Window]({%slug window-overview%}) component instead.
```
